>> Scott Moss: Now hopping
into Apollo Client.
So Apollo Client is a couple of things.
Basically what it is,
is it encapsulate HTTP logic used
to interact with the GraphQL API.
So everything we've been doing here,
as far as like these operations,
these quarters, these mutations, this
is what the client is responsible for.
And how these gets
transferred over the server,
the network layer Apollo
encapsulates that away from you.
So you don't have to worry
about setting up a fetcher and
using, am I using window.fetch,
am I using Axios, am I using Ajax?
You don't have to worry about that.
Apollo figures that out for
you, so that's one benefit.
It also doubles as
a client-side state management.
So if you ever use something like
Redux for Reacts or ViewX for
View or
what does Edgar use these days NGRX store.
If you ever use something like that
Apollo doubles as that so it's not
only going to be storing state for the
data that you get back from your server,
it's also possible to store state
it's created locally on your client.
So it can do both.
Not just API data, but local data as well.
So it kind of kind of does all that stuff.
It also has a really nice plugin
approach for extending its capabilities.
It depends on no framework.
Apollo client has nothing to do with
React has nothing to do with View,
has nothing to do with Redux.
It used to be built on top of Redux,
but they took that out.
But it you can use it anywhere.
You can use it in
a Vanilla JavaScript if you want, so
that it really doesn't matter has no
dependencies on any other framework.
You just drop it in and it just works.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: So, I'm sure people then
ask, I have a project that's all ready
using a state management tool like ReadX,
but we're interested in adopting
Apollo Client, how do people
usually go upon navigating that?
I'd imagine they wouldn't
be maintaining two spaces.
So what, I guess from your experience,
how do people approach that problem?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I actually ran across that problem before.
So, I was using Apollo Client One
when it had Redux built into it.
So, at that point it was just merging
their internal Redux with your Redux and
it just worked.
And then we migrated up to Apollo Two, but
we still had Redux, so
we're like what do we do here?
Well, from what I end
up doing at least was,
I use the, first you don't have to use
any of the caching that Apollo does,
you can just not if you want to,
you don't have to.
But to what I decided to do was
use Apollo's cache for only
the data that came back from the GraphQL
API but use Redux for any local state.
That was basically it.
So it still worked out.
I had one state management for a data
from API, another state management for
any local state, like toggling is Boolean
or this flag or something like that.
And they don't really
conflict with each other.
But now with Apollo two,
you can just use Apollo for all that,
what's basically means you can query
local states using GraphQL queries.
So that's the whole point of it this, it's
like, they want you to use GraphQL for
everything, not just querying
data on your API, but
also querying data in local storage.
Querying data in memory and
you React that.
Querying the DOM.
You can do anything with GraphQL,
and that's the whole point.
So that's what they're trying to get to.